chore: update release notes (#2866)
forcedotcom/cli: releasenotes/README.md

* FIX: The `.forceignore` file now works consistently, whether you're using source or mdapi format. Specifically, when you deploy or retrieve in source format (using `sf project deploy start`, for example), the command respects file names of `.forceignore` entries in source format. Similarly, when you deploy or retrieve in mdapi format (using `sf project deploy start --metadata-dir`, for example), the command respects file name entries in mdapi format. (GitHub issue [#2737](https://github.com/forcedotcom/cli/issues/2737), source-deploy-retrieve PR [#1295](https://github.com/forcedotcom/source-deploy-retrieve/pull/1295))

* FIX: The `org shape list` command now works as expected, even when the connection to the Dev Hub org is incorrect.

> * FIX: When retrieving a CustomFields from the org, `sf project retrieve start` now preserves the content of the field's CustomObject. (Github issue [#2865](https://github.com/forcedotcom/cli/issues/2865), source-deploy-retrieve PR [#1308](https://github.com/forcedotcom/source-deploy-retrieve/pull/1308))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FIX: When retrieving a CustomField from the org, `project retrieve start` now preserves the content of the field's CustomObject source file. (Github issue [#2865](https://github.com/forcedotcom/cli/issues/2865), source-deploy-retrieve PR [#1308](https://github.com/forcedotcom/source-deploy-retrieve/pull/1308))
```

Reviewer: Add "source file" to make it clear what's being preserved.  Okay?
